Add `ChainLogger`, `PyTorchLogger` and `LookupLogger` (#19)
explosion/spacy-loggers: README.md

| `prefix`          | `str` | All metric names are prefixed with this string using dot notation, e.g: `<prefix>.<metric>` (default: `pytorch`).                                               |
| `device`          | `int` | The identifier of the CUDA device (default: `0`).                                                                                                               |
| `cuda_mem_pool`   | `str` | One of the memory pool values specified in the PyTorch docs: `all`, `large_pool`, `small_pool` (default: `all`).                                                |
| `cuda_mem_metric` | `str` | One of the memory metric values specified in the PyTorch docs: `current`, `peak`, `allocated`, `freed`. To log all metrics, use `all` instead (default: `all`). |

# Utility Loggers

## ChainLogger

### Usage

This logger can be used to daisy-chain multiple loggers and execute them in-order. Loggers that are executed earlier in the chain
can pass information to those that come later by adding it to the dictionary that is passed to them.

> Currently, upto 10 loggers can be chained together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, up to 10 loggers can be chained together.
```

logger2 = {"@loggers": "spacy.ConsoleLogger.v1", "progress_bar": "true"}
```

| Name       | Type                 | Description                                        |
| ---------- | -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `logger1`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The first logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |
| `logger2`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The second logger in the chain (default: `None`).  |
| `logger3`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The third logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |
| `logger4`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The fourth logger in the chain (default: `None`).  |
| `logger5`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The fifth logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |
| `logger6`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The sixth logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |
| `logger7`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The seventh logger in the chain (default: `None`). |
| `logger8`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The eighth logger in the chain (default: `None`).  |
| `logger9`  | `Optional[Callable]` | The ninth logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |
| `logger10` | `Optional[Callable]` | The tenth logger in the chain (default: `None`).   |

## LookupLogger

### Usage

> This logger can be used lookup statistics in the info dictionary and print them to `stdout`. It is primarily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This logger can be used to lookup statistics in the info dictionary and print them to `stdout`. It is primarily
```

[training.logger]
@loggers = "spacy.ChainLogger.v1"
logger1 = {"@loggers": "spacy.PyTorchLogger.v1", "prefix": "pytorch"}

> logger2 = {"@loggers": "spacy.LookupLogger.v1", "patterns": ["^(p|P)ytorch"]}

Reviewer: It would feel more straightforward to me to work with `[pP]` rather than use a capturing group `(p|P)` here.

Author: Done.
